docs: use new `nuxi module add` command in installation (#28)
fuentesloic/nuxt-stripe: README.md

> 1. Add `@unlok-co/nuxt-stripe` dependency to your project

Reviewer: @danielroe I would add more detail on what is going to happen in my project. wdyt? I'm doing the same on leaflet project as I was playing with. Will ping you there as well.
```suggestion
Run `npx` command to add `@unlok-co/nuxt-stripe` into your `package.json` and `nuxt.config.ts`
```

```bash
npx nuxi@latest module add stripe-next
```

> 2. Add `@unlok-co/nuxt-stripe` to the `modules` section of `nuxt.config.ts`

Reviewer: We can remove this as it will be removed when running `npx nuxi@latest module add stripe-next`

> 2. Add `@unlok-co/nuxt-stripe` to the `modules` section of `nuxt.config.ts`

Reviewer: We could remove this as it will be automatically added by `npx nuxi@latest module add stripe-next`

```suggestion
```
